Fun Facebook Follies (Bugs)
Published on April 16, 2008.
One nice thing about constantly iterating your code is that you get new code out quickly to your users.
The bad part is you probably don’t do enough testing and your users get code before it’s ready.
Facebook gives you a choice to mark notifications that you get as spam.
This is for when your friends won’t stop sending you notifications that you’ve been bitten by werewolf them.
Apparently, you can also mark any notification as spam.
Even, say, Facebook’s own wall feature.
Facebook’s. Wall. Feature.
You know what would be cool?
If Facebook developers weren’t so zealous that they skip sanity checks in order to get their pushes out sooner.
Unless Facebook wants users to be able to mark their walls as spam.
Which is actually understandable, now that I think of it…